What it does:

This project is designed to solve the producer-consumer problem using two processes that share memory. The producer generates items,
then puts them on the table in shared memory. This table can hold no more than 2 items at the same time. The producer waits when
the table is full. The consumer takes items off of the table, but only if there are items on the table. If the table is empty,
the consumer waits for the producer to put an item on the table, at which point consumption activity resumes.

How it uses...

Semaphores: This project uses three semaphores that are defined in the header file. The 'empty' semaphore tracks whether the table
is empty or not. The 'full' semaphore tracks whether the table is full or not. The 'mutex' semaphore tracks whether a process is
currently accessing the table's contents in shared memory.

Mutual exclusion: Semaphores are used to ensure that only one process is accessing the table in shared memory at any given time.
This is done to ensure that processes reliably know the contents of the table while accessing the table. When a process accesses
the table, it changes the 'mutex' semaphore's value from '1' to '0', so that the other process knows not to try accessing the table
simultaneously. When a process finishes its interaction with the table, the value of 'mutex' is set back to '1', at which point the
other process will see that the table is not in use and take its turn to access it.

Shared memory: The producer creates a shared memory and opens it. After waiting momentarily for the producer to do this, the consumer
opens the shared memory. Both producer and consumer retain access to the shared memory from this point on until the processes are
terminated. The producer checks to make sure the table is not full, and if it is not, it generates an item and gives it to the table.
The consumer checks to make sure the table is not empty, and if it is not, it takes an item off of the table. In this way, the shared
memory serves as the intermediary through which items are passed from producer to consumer.